SDDA License
IMPORTANT NOTICE

copyright symbol: Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation,
Australia , 2008.

All rights in this Software are reserved to CSIRO. You are only
permitted to have this Software in your possession and to make use of
it if you have agreed to a Software Licence with CSIRO.

All enquiries for the use of this Software should be referred to CMIS
Bioinformatics CSIRO Mathematical & Information
Sciences. gene-rave@csiro.au

You agree to the following Licence by accessing and using the SDDA
Software:

Meaning of words

`CSIRO' means the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research
Organisation of Limestone Avenue Campbell, Australian Capital
Territory, Australia acting through its Division of Mathematical &
Information Sciences.

`Software' means the stepwise diagonal discriminant analysis software
developed by CSIRO known as the `SDDA software', in its source code
form and including any user documentation.

`You' means you the user and licensee of the Software. If you are
employed and intend using the Software in connection with your
employment duties, then you warrant that your employer has authorised
you to accept this Licence on behalf of your employer.  Licence Terms
and Conditions

1. The Software is made available ``AS IS'' and without warranties of
any kind either express or implied. In particular CSIRO does not
warrant or make any representations:

    * that the Software is of merchantable quality, suitable for your
use, will function in any environment, or is fit for any other
purpose;
    * regarding the results of any use of the whole or any part of the
Software;
    * as to the accuracy, reliability or content of any data,
information, service or goods obtained through any use of the whole or
any part of the Software; or
    * that use of the Software does not infringe the intellectual
property rights of any third party.

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, CSIRO EXCLUDES ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY
LOSS OR DAMAGE (INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
LOSS OR DAMAGE) ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS LICENCE.

2. You may use the Software for evaluation, internal development or
prototyping, academic and research purposes only. This is a
non-exclusive and non-transferable right and CSIRO retains title and
ownership of all intellectual property in the Software. If at any time
during you wish to use the Software for anything other than purpose
you require a commercial licence from CSIRO, the terms of such a
licence which may be royalty-bearing, to be negotiated on a case by
case basis.

3. You must not without the prior agreement of CSIRO:

    * make copies of the Software except to the extent necessary for
backup or research purposes and to the extent permitted by law;
    * use all or any part of the Software in conjunction with any
product or service (including training or consulting) for commercial
gain;
    * distribute, sell, sublicense or otherwise make the Software
available for use by a third party; or
    * remove or alter any logo, copyright or other proprietary
notices, symbols or labels in the Software.

4. You must not :

    (a) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Software; or

    (b) use the Software to develop copycat or functionally equivalent
technology or derivative technologies based on the IP embodied in the
Software.

5. You must not without CSIRO's written permission use the name, any
trademark or logo of CSIRO to claim any sponsorship, endorsement,
approval or affiliation or other association with CSIRO by virtue of
your use of the Software.

6. You must recognise CSIRO's ownership of the Software in any report,
paper or publication containing references to the Software or results
generated by the Software.

7. CSIRO may ask to terminate your use of the Software at any
time. Upon such request, you agree to destroy all copies of the
Software in your possession.

8. This Licence is governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the New South Wales , Australia .

9. In any dispute arising out of this Licence, you agree to first
negotiate in good faith with a senior CSIRO officer to resolve it. If
the dispute is not resolved by negotiation within 30 days, you agree
that the dispute may be referred to the Australian Commercial Dispute
Centre Limited (ACDC) for resolution by arbitration under ACDC's
Guidelines on Arbitration. The decision of the arbitrator (including
any award as to costs) will be final and binding.

By pressing the accept button the user acknowledges that they have
read and agree to the terms and conditions of the evaluation licence
agreement.
